It’s dark outside.
To start the day,
She humbly starts to pray
For her kids at school
And the brotherhood:
“Father, help us be faithful.”
When things make it hard to cope,
She never thinks of losing hope,
Never stops being kind.
And that song—it’s always on her mind:
‘I will make you strong.
Do not be afraid.
I will be with you.
I will be your aid.’
Be courageous and strong.
It’s her favorite song.
And “he will make you firm,
And he will make you strong.”
Time to get on her feet—
Try to make ends meet—
Never sure what to expect.
Her true friends out there
Really show her they care,
So she never needs to fret.
She’ll soar on wings
To rise up high,
Like eagles in the sky.
All the roles she plays—
So little time each day—
And in her heart, she starts to pray.
Aching feet and tired hands—
She tries the very best she can.
But there’s strength she can find
In that song that’s always on her mind:
‘I will make you strong.
Do not be afraid.
I will be with you.
I will be your aid.’
Be courageous and strong.
It’s her favorite song.
And “he will make you firm,
And he will make you strong.”